README.md, before:

# Resume-Portfolio
Portfolio of some of the CAD and Python work I've done, as well as personal projects.

Files are organized based on which project they are a part of. All of my code from my Python course is in one folder, and all of my SolidWorks projects are in another folder. Within the CAD folder, there are separate folders containing my contributions to the UMN Rocket Team CAD, my own L1 rocket model and OpenRocket, and my ongoing apartment modeling personal project broken down by SolidWorks, Blender, and a few renders of the UE5 environment for this project (Work In Progress!). The main reason why I taught myself the basics of SolidWorks and Blender is to work on this project, as I had the idea to model my apartment and needed to learn the tools to actually do it. So far, the most advanced SolidWorks assembly I've made is the piano, and the most detailed Blender model I've done is probably the keyboard stand, so definitely take a look at those. Additionally, I've included some renders from a digital art project I undertook while first learning UE5 (I actually taught myself how to use Unreal Engine because I had the idea for this project! Look at "The Lone Tree" in the renders folder for my favorite version of the lighting and camera settings).

Commit message:

Push for L2 and Machining Info
Pushing some of the parts I've currently designed for my L2 project as well as some pictures/info from parts I've machined over the last few months.

README.md, after:

# Resume-Portfolio
Portfolio of some of the CAD, Machining, and Python work I've done, as well as personal projects.

Files are organized based on which project they are a part of. All of my code from my Python course is in one folder, and all of my SolidWorks projects are in another folder. 

Within the Machined Parts folder, I have some pictures of parts I've made while learning as well as any relevant documentation/drawings that accompany them.

Within the CAD folder, there are separate folders containing my contributions to the UMN Rocket Team CAD, my own L1 rocket model and OpenRocket, and my ongoing 
apartment modeling personal project broken down by SolidWorks, Blender, and a few renders of the UE5 environment for this project (Work In Progress!). 

The main reason why I taught myself the basics of SolidWorks and Blender is to work on this project, as I had the idea to model my apartment and needed to learn the tools 
to actually do it. So far, the most advanced SolidWorks assembly I've made is the piano, and the most detailed Blender model I've done is probably the keyboard stand, so 
definitely take a look at those. Additionally, I've included some renders from a digital art project I undertook while first learning UE5 (I actually taught myself how to use Unreal 
Engine because I had the idea for this project! Look at "The Lone Tree" in the renders folder for my favorite version of the lighting and camera settings).
